Add FAQ for Common Error in HubSpot Cloud Mode (#6244)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-hubspot-cloud/index.md

ObjectType to associate | To associate the newly created and updated custom object record with another object type, select the object type you want it to be associated with.
Association Label | Select an association label between both the object types. From the HubSpot Dashboard, you can create associations between any type of object. To create an association label: <br>1. Log in to the [HubSpot Dashboard](https://app.hubspot.com/){:target="_blank"}. <br>2. Go to **Data Management > Objects > Custom Objects**. <br>3. Go to the **Associations** tab and click **Create association label**. 

## FAQs and troubleshooting

### Why am I receiving a `Contact already exists` error?

> This error only applies to integrations with 2 mappings that can create profiles in HubSpot. Initially, the Upsert Contact action seeks to update an existing contact. If no contact is found, a subsequent attempt is made to create a new contact, potentially leading to 3 separate HubSpot API requests. For example, an `Expired Authentication` error may occur if the token expires on the initial request, prompting a token refresh and a subsequent request. If the next error indicates `resource not found`, it means the contact wasn't located, leading to a second attempt to create the contact. However, this attempt might fail due to a `Conflict` error, suggesting the contact already exists. This situation can arise if another mapping is activated, which causes the contact to be created by the time the Upsert Contact Action attempts its final contact creation request, due to the Custom Behavioral Event Action being triggered as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error only applies to integrations with 2 mappings that can create profiles in HubSpot. Initially, the Upsert Contact action seeks to update an existing contact. If no contact is found, a subsequent attempt is made to create a new contact, potentially leading to 3 separate HubSpot API requests. For example, an `Expired Authentication` error may occur if the token expires on the initial request, prompting a token refresh and a subsequent request. If the next error indicates `resource not found`, it means the contact wasn't located, leading to a second attempt to create the contact. However, this attempt might fail due to a `Conflict` error, suggesting the contact already exists. This situation can arise if you activate another mapping, which causes the contact to be created by the time the Upsert Contact Action attempts its final contact creation request, due to the Custom Behavioral Event Action being triggered as well.
```

## FAQ and troubleshooting

> ### Why am I receiving a, "Contact already exists" error?
> This will only apply to integrations with two mappings that could create profiles in HubSpot. 
> 1. Initially, the Upsert Contact action seeks to update an existing contact.
> 2. If no contact is found, a subsequent attempt is made to create a new contact, potentially leading to three separate HubSpot API requests. For instance, an 'Expired Authentication' error may occur if the token expires on the initial request, prompting a token refresh and a subsequent request.
> 3. If the next error indicates 'resource not found', it means the contact wasn't located, leading to a second attempt to create the contact. However, this attempt might fail due to a 'Conflict' error, suggesting the contact already exists. This situation can arise if another mapping is activated, causing the contact to be created by the time the Upsert Contact Action attempts its final contact creation request, due to the Custom Behavioral Event Action being triggered as well.
> Consequently, this error is displayed in the event delivery tab within Segment's UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why am I receiving a `Contact already exists` error?
This error only applies to integrations with 2 mappings that can create profiles in HubSpot. Initially, the Upsert Contact action seeks to update an existing contact. If no contact is found, a subsequent attempt is made to create a new contact, potentially leading to 3 separate HubSpot API requests. For example, an `Expired Authentication` error may occur if the token expires on the initial request, prompting a token refresh and a subsequent request. If the next error indicates `resource not found`, it means the contact wasn't located, leading to a second attempt to create the contact. However, this attempt might fail due to a `Conflict` error, suggesting the contact already exists. This situation can arise if another mapping is activated, which causes the contact to be created by the time the Upsert Contact Action attempts its final contact creation request, due to the Custom Behavioral Event Action being triggered as well.
```
